Boiler Green Initiative (BGI)
    This team will be working with the Boiler Green Initiative Club (www.boilergreen.com) at Purdue to help promote a more sustainable campus.

Chemical Sensing Initiative (CSI)
    Working with local law enforcement, this team is developing projects to help prevent crime in the community, focusing on the detection and prevention of meth labs. 

Columbian Park Zoo (ZOO)
    Design educational materials to be used by the Columbian Park Zoo. 

Community and Family Resource Center (CFRC)
    This team does various projects to assist the Community Family Resource Center. 

Database and Innovative Software for the Community (DISC)
    This team will be creating database applications and innovative solutions in order to help non-profit, educational, and service agencies meet their community needs. 

Engineering Research Center on Structured Organic Particulate Systems (C-SOPS)
    The team’s goal is to educate K-12 students about Pharmacy and Engineering. 

Greater Lafayette Area Special Services - Assistive Technology (GLASS-AT)
    Develop hardware, electromechanical and software solutions which enable students with disabilities ages 3 to 21 to function more independently and to enjoy a better quality of life. 

Greater Lafayette Area Special Services - Preschool (GLASS-PS)
    Develop computer-controlled electro-mechanical toys and play environments for preschool-aged children with disabilities. 

Habitat for Humanity (HFH)
    The EPICS-HFH team works with multiple levels of Habitat for Humanity - Lafayette, State of Indiana and International Headquarters. 

Happy Hollow Elementary School (HHES)
    Work in conjunction with the HHES science club to build fun projects for the school's science museum. 

Imagination Station (IS)
    Applying new and innovative technologies, our team designs interactive and fun exhibits for a local children’s museum. 

Information Management Systems for EPICS Teams (IMS)
    This team develops online large scale software applications for EPICS students and faculty at Purdue and EPICS teams nationwide. 

Klondike Elementary School (KES)
    Design custom educational products involving both hardware and software.

Lafayette School Corporation (LSC)
    To discover, and pursue ways in which engineering science can contribute to the educational growth of students in the Lafayette School Corporation. 
    
Learning Science and Math thru Engineering (LSME)
    This team works with K-12 grade students to help strengthen their math skills and develop an appreciation for engineering. 

Miller Child Learning Center (MCLC)
    Develop classroom toys and other learning materials to teach preschool children (2 – 5 years) basic concepts in science, technology, engineering, and/or mathematics. 

Office of the Dean of Students (ODOS)
    The ODOS team works with the Adaptive Programs section of the Office of the Dean of Students. The team’s goal is to create innovative solutions for students with disabilities.

Real-time Transportation System Performance Measurements (RTPM)
    This team will be coordinating with local public safety officials and engineers on the traffic management plans.

Riley Advancement Team (RAT)
    Our Mission is to use our knowledge of health care and technology to design products that make the lives of patients and the community safer as a whole. 

Soap Box Derby, Challenger Division (SOAP)
    The mission is to increase the confidence and self-esteem of children with disabilities and encouraging their participation in social activities with their peers.

Speech-Language and Audiology Clinics (SLAC)
    Projects primarily support the M. D. Steer Audiology Clinic at Purdue University. 

St. Vincent Advancement Team (SVAT)
    To design and develop devices that assist caregivers and improve health care delivery through our talents, education, and knowledge of technology and the human body.

Veterinary Medical Team (VET)
    The mission of this team is to design and develop an automated dog skeleton out of LEGO blocks.

Visiting Our Solar System @ Purdue-Accessible Campus Education (VOSS@PACE)
    The goal of the team is to design and build scale models of the solar system on campus so visitors on campus, especially school-aged children, will have a fun and interactive way to learn about the Solar System. 

Wabash Center Greenbush Industries (WCGI)
    The WCGI team designs and develops devices that enable new tasks or enhance the productivity, safety, and efficiency of WCGI employees, many of whom have disabilities. 

Water Resources Management (WRM)
    This team will be designing and implementing practices to capture and reuse water run-off from residential, industrial, and commercial areas. 

Web-based Interactive Software Engineering (WISE)
    This team will be creating interactive web-based data software solutions for local community agencies in order to expand their ability to meet local needs.

West Lafayette Public Library (WLPL)
    The WLPL Team works with the West Lafayette Public library's technology setup. 

Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA)
    The YWCA team is redesigning the existing gymnasium to expand floor space and consolidate remote office locations. 
